cloud: add the real client IP description (#22351)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tune-performance.md

The results are displayed in the form of a table, and you can sort the results by different columns.

<CustomContent plan="starter,essential">

> **Note:**
>

> > To improve traffic visibility, {{{ .starter }}} and {{{ .essential }}} now display the real client IP address for connections via AWS PrivateLink in detailed execution information. Currently, this feature is in public preview and is available only in the AWS region `Frankfurt (eu-central-1)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To improve traffic visibility, {{{ .starter }}} and {{{ .essential }}} now display the real client IP address for connections via AWS PrivateLink in detailed execution information. Currently, this feature is in beta and is available only in the AWS region `Frankfurt (eu-central-1)`.
```
